Welcome to da2ce7's Open Transactions Branch
====================================

Open-Transactions is a solid, easy-to-use, Financial Crypto and Digital Cash LIBRARY, including a working SERVER, API, CLI, and TEST-GUI.

*This branch contains the work that da2ce7 has done to make Open Transactions work well on windows.*

*It is still in beta and will require much more work before it is merged into Fellow Travellers branch.*


Major changes include:
-------------------------------------

#### New Visual Studio C++ Express 2010 projects.
#### Reorganised code layout:

* src/include - .cpp and .c files and .h files
    * otlib - otlib (the core of Open Transactions)
    * otapi - client side of OT
    * otserver - backend server for OT
* swig - swig generated glue and source files for libraries binding to otapi.
* docs - documentation
* sample-data - sample otserver and otclient data, used for testing
* ssl - keys used to create the sample data
* util - OT utility programs
* scripts - OT scripts

#### Conversion from otlib static library to a dll
#### Changed name of swig otapi-java namespace to org.ot.wrapper.jni (to make it more standard across many projects)

#### Much work in porting OT to automake for linux has been merged into this branch also (thanks washort :) )



Visual Studio Express Project Files
---------------------------------------


There are two Visual Studio Express solution files witch all the OT is built from.

1.  project/open-transactions.sln

    This solution has all the main OT project files:  e.g. otlib and otapi.

2.  swig/project/otapi-wrap.sln

    This solution has all the wrapper projects for the files that were generated by swig.  e.g. otapi-java and otapi-csharp



Running Swig
---------------------------------------

To run swig you first need to extract swig into the common root as the dir that you have this branch of Open Transactions in:

e.g.

* dev
    *  Open-Transactions
    *  swigwin-2.0.4

then all you need to do is run:

* swig/buildwrappers.bat

This will re-generate everything for you.



Project Dependencies
---------------------------------------

### You need to install:


* Visual Studio C++ 2010 Express + SP1
* Microsoft Windows SDK for Windows 7 and .NET Framework 4 (full install)
* Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 Service Pack 1 Compiler Update for the Windows SDK 7.1  (https://www.microsoft.com/download/en/details.aspx?id=4422)



* OpenSSL (both 32 and 64 bit).  (into root of you system drive) - the default location.
* Java SE Development Kit 6 (both 32 and 64 bit) - the default location.
* Boost - (compiled for both 32 bit and 64 bit)  -  install to Systemdrive\boost_1_48_0 (if newer version you will need to update the locations in the project files)...
    * I have uploaded my pre-compiled version here: 
    * https://github.com/downloads/da2ce7/Open-Transactions/boost_1_48_0_precompiled.7z


* ChaiScript git.
* protobuf-2.4.1
* zeromq-2.1.11

    Re-made Visual Studio solutions are stored in the project\3rdparty directory in OT.  use these to save time... follow the instructions in the info.txt text file.


#### Overall I think that is enough to get any keen developer going :)  happy building...